There are some key factors you will need to always understand. 

1) Know your target
2) Find their motive
3) Appease to their motive
4) Execute with authenticy 

1) Lets get to know our target. Who is the target? To find your target Well we need to find your goal. 

Goal - Lets gain access to an establishment that checks IDs. The establishment has a Door person. We need to get 1 person in that does not have an ID.

Bonus- The door person has a tip jar. You are wanting to get your group in to execute your proccedding task. 

Our target could be man or woman. We want to use tactics that reach all. One could agree that money is a motivating factor. So lets use money as a tactic. Escpicaily to think If someone always giving you money without an ask how would you feel? 

I learned this from working in the service/restruant industy. Everyone would call the john who tipped the most by their sir name. You would think this is just fine dinning. No this is money.

In our goal we need to establish familiarity in the establishment. Why? This allows you to blend in. (Think where are your keys... Usually when your searching up and down they were in your hand the whole time) Look we all think that pulling up one time and leaving is the best route. No!!!! not when you are being checked for an ID. You need familiarity and finese. 

If you go in that one time without familarity your ID will be reviewed by door person no matter how much money or finese. Especially you trying to sneak in without everyones IDs being viewed. 

So lets get back to familiarity and money. This is key in certin portions of SE. Reason the familiarty brings in a since of know and comfort. While the money brings in a sense of being provided for. Look we are aiming for execution. We must play to the target. 

If we were to scope out the establishement lets say with two people who are decoys. There Ids can be ran because they have clean records and opperate on both sides of the line. They could view the establishment at diffrent times on diffrent days. Pataking in whatever this establishemnt provides. The key thing is that they always leave a nice heavy tip. When they talk to the people in the establishment they always have a go friendly breath of air around them. When they see the people who work at the establishment they alwys use phrases of " Its always good to see you". "I remember the last time we spoke..." . And as they are asking these questions they smile and leave thier tip. Endulging in grattitude. 

Now when this had been acommplished several times would said person not start to have an affinity twoards you?




2) When you are talking to people you never want to let what they say go in one ear and out the other. You need to listen to what they say. You want to listen to their structure aswell. There is a diffrence between (No and No, thats not fair)

So likewise you need to pay attention to details. You can use your judgment of speaking and conversation however Ill touch on my favorite in 3. When you talk to your target you want to make them feel as if you are on the same level. Now before someone says "LeVEl". Lets agree here now that you are not on the same level in this situation. You are a buyer,customer etc. They are on the clock and an employee abiding to a contract that provides them money for services. During the execution of this task we need to make sure they think of us as on of them. 

Lets go back to the conversation and money. If someone just speaks with you are you happy? (50/50). Are you happy to see someone cause every time they see you they bring money at no cost? (100) yes. 

Now that we can agree that money when used correctly is a motivating factor lets move to 3.


 But most importantly there cadence. There 

3) I like to please others. Its one of my favorite things. I like to tell others nice things about themselves. Never to get anything in return. Just to let them know they are great. The kicker is this. I also learned how to make people really like you. Its through immitation. You want to match the energy of the target. If the target is talkcative and up beat. You will match them with short sentences. You are matching thim by imitatitating the talkitive nature. If its short its quick. Just like the talkitive persons sentence structre.

However if someone is more reserved you pay them attention. You slow things down and focus on them. This matches them because you are focused within the setting. Again your attention. 

Now when you are talking to others pay attention to their cadence. Do they say words diffrently. What is their dialect. You want to hone in on these things and mimic the target. This will allow you to gain a sense of understanding and closeness with the target. 


4) So lets say you were to walk in with your group. You have a few familiar faces. You talk to the door person as you always do. You start off with "Heeeyyy!!! Its always good to see you $name". I hope things are well. Now your dropping your tip in with allittle extra this time. Target knows yall you pay your fees or what not for the person. Its key that you pay for every one. Including all familiar faces. You are making a grand gesture. And even extending this to the door person. or the target. You tell your friends these words. " Ill see you in there or Go get a table for us". This emplies we are good and that you need to talk to the door person about a matter. 

If done correctly you could add a more serious tone. Now this is where you can use your finese. You will use whatever they have talked about to bring up. You could even flirt. You could tell them about an experiance you had good or bad. The point is now that you have there attention the group is now in. Now able to procceded task. 


###THIS IS DOCUMENTED FIELD RESEARCH. In which all intentions and purposes is only used for. 

