Preface - We would like to gather some personal information (PII) on a target. This personal information will help us bypass securtiy questions about the target when attempting a login to a 3rd party account. 

#This document is a call out about a potential threat to relinquishing your old phone number. The independent  in #this matter is that the target needs to have a account at a store. (IE CVS, Walgreens, Total Wine and More) The #dependent variable is that the target has signed up for an membership account using a phone number. It is a nicety to have correct/updated information on file however any past information can be considered relevent. 

The cashier Target 1 (T1): T1 will be the casheir. In this case we want to just pull up to the store. We want to be another random person on another random day. We will not execute familiarity of pressence. This tactic needs to be quick and as lowkey as possible since this is personal information. We do not want the cashiert to be able to recognize us in the future. Not assiociate us with the person/target 2

Person who has reliquished their phone number or is using a whatsapp type messaging service. / Target2 (T2):

T2 needs to the following to be completed to fully qualify for being a target. 
For this example we will use Walgreens

Excersice Guidelines-

- T2 needs to sign up for a walgreens membership (This is the memeber ship you are asked about getting a walgreens card)
- T2 has recieved a new phone number. 
Situation- 

Lets provide some background: 

I now would like to access an account other then my own. This account may ask me a security question before being allowed in. Lets say the security question is one of the following. ( What is your hometown/or Address? , What is your birth year? or Date?) 

Where can someone get all that information? Usually in some type of profile of the person or account. Well when you set up a memebership with a store your putting in your PII. Do you have a pin set on your account to say someone cant view your account? 

VieW YoUR acCount? Yes view your account. What If I told you I wanted to find out more information on you. I believe I can go into the store recite your phone number and the cashier will think Im you. 



#.. Researching ...
